---
title: My Docus project
navigation: false
layout: page
---

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get Started
  - /guide
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/nuxtlabs/docus
snippet: npm install my-lib
---

#title
My Docus project

#description
Write pages in markdown, use Vue components and enjoy the power of Nuxt with a blazing fast developer experience.
::
::card-grid
#title
What's included
#root
:ellipsis
#default
  ::card{icon=logos:nuxt-icon}
  #title
  Nuxt JS compatible 
  #description 
  Harness the full power of Nuxt 3 and its modules ecosystem. 
  ::
  ::card{icon=logos:tailwindcss-icon}
  #title 
  TailwindCSS 
  #description Customize your theme using native Tailwindcss classes.
  ::
  ::card{icon=logos:figma}
  #title 
  Figma 
  #description Integrate native components with your UI team using the default Figma UI kit. 
  ::
  ::card{icon=material-symbols:accessibility} 
  #title 
  Accesibility 
  #description Make the web accessible for everyone.
  ::
  ::card{icon="tabler:brand-github"}
  #title
  Nuxt Architecture.
  #description
  Harness the full power of Nuxt and the Nuxt ecosystem.
  ::
  ::card{icon="tabler:brand-dribbble"}
  #title
  Vue Components.
  #description
  Use built-in components (or your own!) inside your content.
  ::
  ::card{icon=logos:tailwindcss-icon}
  #title
  Write Markdown.
  #description
  Enjoy the ease and simplicity of Markdown and discover MDC syntax.
  ::
  ::card{icon="🖊"}
  #title
  Zero Configuration
  #description
  All you have to do is to import the module in Nuxt Config.
  ::
  ::card{icon="🌐"}
  #title
  Localization
  #description
  Including Localization support, just switch on your config.
  ::
  ::card{icon="logos:nuxt-icon"}
  #title
  Nuxt3 Ready
  #description
  Built on Vue 3, can use very easily by Auto-imports and Composables.
  ::
::
